Changelog:
----------

2.0.0.0

	- Major Compare plugin re-work, big portions of the code are re-written.
	- Fix crashes and unstable behavior.
	- Fix memory leaks.
	- Improved compare algorithm in both accuracy and speed.
	- Reduced memory usage.
	- Support for unlimited active compares.
	- 'Set First' command added to select the first file to compare (that removes the need to manually
		move one of the files to the other view before comparing).
	- Better N++ notifications handling - closing or moving compared files is handled appropriately
		and doesn't lead to weird/unexpected results.
	- Proper file positions restoring after closing the compare.
	- Greatly improved Navigation bar.
	- Improved Compare progress behavior - it now accurately represents the compare process.
	- Improved settings dialog - the plugin behavior / results presentation is more customizable now.
	- Better results synchronization in case of wrap around active setting and in general.
	- Added compare toolbar icons (thanks to Yaron).
	- Better compare results line margin symbols (thanks to Yaron).
	- Better default diff colors (thanks to Yaron).
	- Updated for 64-bit build (thanks to Christian Grasser - chcg).
	- Added VS2015 project (thanks to Waldi Ravens - xylographe).
	- Numerous bug fixes and improvements.

[1.5.7]
[    1. NEW: *** Compare released under GPLv3 ***]
[    2. NEW: Change behavior when files match (immediately exit compare)]
[    3. FIX: Some menu items where not disabled anymore when compare is not running]
[* This version was never released by J. Leroy, but its changes are downmerged since *]
[* version 1.5.6.3. Also I (ufo) will never make any version number higher than 1.5.6.x, *]
[* since I don't know if 1.5.7 will ever get released. *]

1.5.6.7

    1. NEW: Show progress bar dialog while comparing (thanks to Pavel N.!)
            NOTE: Due to the sophisticated nonlinear diff algorithm a truly estimated progress seems
            not doable, thus the progress sometimes gets recalculated (jumps back some steps) and
            sometimes finishes before reaching 100%!
    2. NEW: "Blank" color gets auto calculated in respect of the current theme (removed from settings)
            NOTE: Requires N++ version 6.6.8 or higher!
    3. NEW: Sync zoom levels of both views when comparing
    4. FIX: Not comparing with temp file, when original file is not the last one the document tab bar
    5. FIX: Too low "diff size limit" (e.g plug-in exception when comparing a 1.5 MB file with a 1 KB file)
    6. FIX: Again some minor improvements to coloring and nav bar

1.5.6.6

    1. NEW: Loader for using N++ as an external diff viewer (e.g. in TortoiseSVN, TortoiseGit, ..)
            Syntax: .../Notepad++/plugins/ComparePlugin/compare.exe <file_path_1> <file_path_2>
    2. NEW: Use default background color of current theme as background color for nav bar
    3. FIX: Exception after confirming options dialog when navigation bar isn't used
    4. FIX: Miscellaneous minor fixes and improvements for the nav bar

1.5.6.5

    1. NEW: Flash window when restarting "Previous" or "Next" diff search from top or
            bottom (a la N++'s "Wrap around" search mode)
    2. NEW: Auto "Clear Results" when closing one of both compared files
    3. NEW: Warning message box before displaying high amount of differing lines (more than 1000)
    4. NEW: Navigation bar: Better visibility of small diff places in large documents (minimum height of 25 pixels)
    5. FIX: Navigation bar: Wrong display in wrapped mode
    6. FIX: Navigation bar: Dragged selection jumping to bottom when dragging above top
    7. FIX: Navigation bar: Selection not changing after first click (only after second click)
    8. FIX: Navigation bar: Scrolling by clicking (regression in 1.5.6.4)
    9. FIX: Mouse scrolling in inactive view (regression in 1.5.6.4)
   10. FIX: Automatically jump to first difference after comparison (regression in 1.5.6.4)
   11. FIX: Don't always force focusing second view after comparing
   12. FIX: Focus not returned to N++ after first comparison

1.5.6.4

    1. NEW: Support viewing differences in "Word wrap" mode
    2. FIX: Restore "Synchronize Vertical Scrolling" and "Synchronize Horizontal Scrolling" after "Clear Results"

1.5.6.3

    1. NEW: Automatically jump to first difference after comparison
    2. NEW: 'Compare against GIT base'
            (therefor using libgit2: http://libgit2.github.com/)
    3. FIX: 'Compare against SVN base' doesn't work with newer SVN versions (1.7 and above)
              (therefor using SQLite: http://www.sqlite.org/)

1.5.6.2

    1. FIX: Small changes not visible in navigation bar (in bigger files) (thx to Rolf P.)
    2. FIX: Syntax highlighting broken after 'Compare' and 'Clear Results' (since N++ 6.2.1)
    3. FIX: Change highlight not visible (since N++ 6.2.1)

1.5.6.1

    1. FIX: Weird focus clipping while shutting down (no application gets focus again, when N++ is gone).

1.5.6

    1. NEW: "Previous" and "Next" commands now jumping blockwise instead of linewise.
    2. NEW: When comparing to last save or SVN base: Temp files now inherit the language highlighting from the original file.
    3. NEW: Marker icons for moved state.
    4. FIX: Restoring of "Synchronize Horizontal Scrolling" check state after "Clear results".
    5. FIX: Swapping of "Navigation bar" check state when N++ starts after it was closed with opened navigation bar.
    6. CHANGED: When comparing to last save or SVN base: Show temp files in first view (left side) instead of second view.
    7. CHANGED: More intuitive default highlighting colors (green=new, red=deleted, yellow=changed, blue=moved).
    8. CHANGED: Navigation bar background color now system's active caption color.

1.5.5

	1. Side bar can now be used to scroll.
	2. Fixed an issue causing N++ to crash when comparing R/O files.

1.5.4

	1. New side bar showing a graphical view of comparison results.
	2. New navigation keys (go to first/next/previous/last result).
	3. Compare released in both UNICODE and ANSI version.
	4. New markers icons.

1.5.3

	1. New Option and About menu entry, thanks to Jens.
	2. Colors used for comparison results are now configurable in Option menu
      (there is now no need to edit Compare.ini).
	3. Compare to last save shortcut move to Alt+S
	4. Compare against SVN base shortcut move to Alt+B
	5. Bookmark and Compare marker bugs resolved, thanks to Thell

1.5.2

1.5.1

    1. New colors. Thanks to Mark Baines for the suggestions
	2. Fixes ( Thanks to Todd Schmitt for the excellent QA):
       Memory leak fixed
       Letters were getting cut off if the Formats weren't Windows
       Occasionaly the some letters were cut off at the end of the file
       Crash bug if there was a blank line at the beginning of the document

1.5

	1. "Align Matches", "Detect Moves", and "Ignore spaces" are now options
	2. "Show Changes since last save" option added in case you want to see the differences
       since you last saved, or if the file is modified outside of Notepad++ and
       you want to see those changes
	3. "Compare with SVN base" if the file is in a svn repository you can see the
       changes since you last committed
	4. There is now a colors section in the compare.ini to change the colors
	5. Fixed a bug in the change detection
	6. Compare checks to see if enough files are open before it checks if it has the right version.


1.4

	1. Fixed Issue where plugin would hang if you cleared a result that had an extra line at the end
	2. Fixed a bug where matches in the middle of insert and delete blocks would not line up properly
	3. Fixed bug that would delete a empty line on clear if there was a blank line under it
	4. Compares hashes of strings instead of the full string for some fairly significant speed improvements
	5. Changed lines are compared at the word level instead of the letter, which provides some more accurate results
	6. Spaces are no longer considered when comparing matches


1.3

	1. New feature! Matches will now sync up with each other, so its easier to see the differences in the files.
       Much like how winmerge or some of the other major diff tools look. (thanks for the help Jens)

1.2.1

	1. Bug fix:
       Compare would hang if only one tab is open
    2. If compare moves a tab to another panel, than it will now move it back when the user selects Clear
	3. Optimization:
       When possible, changes are shifted to make the results more readable.

1.2

	1. By very, very popular demand: If two panels aren't already selected, the plugin will move the current tab
       into the second panel and than run the compare.
	2. Improved Moved detection.
	3. Vastly improved Changed detection. Only lines that were actually modified will show up as green,
       and the parts of the line that are different are highlighted.
	4. Horizontal and vertical syncronization are enabled by default. (thanks to jenslorenz)
	5. Fixed bug where files claimed to be identical if there was only one change. (Thanks to nicolasjolet)

1.1

	1. Fixed bug where display would not immediately show the changes after compare.
	2. Changed the way lines were marked to improve performance
	3. There is now a prompt to notify you if the two files are identical
	4. A description of each of the colors meaning was added to the about dialog box
	5. A very crude "moved" detection algorithm was added. So lines that are the same but just
       in a different place are now marked as grey



